hi guys so the other day I posted a
picture of her spring ish braid look and
everyone requested tutorial so let's get
to so I've just started off by doing a
Dutch braid and to do Dutch braid that
you want to braid under words so I'm
gonna add hair it's the outer pieces and
bring them under words and around my
face I've just left some hair out so I'm
just gonna take some hair from behind
this and again braid under words so you
want to continue adding hair to the
other pieces until you reach your ear
and if you're unsure how to do Dutch
braid I'll leave a link up above
when you've braided a couple of stitches
you wanted them begin pancaking the
braid this is optional and to pancake
your braid you just want to pull on it
to give it a fuller look and then you
just want to continue braiding as normal
and pancaking again on the opposite side
I did the exact same thing
I left some hair down and I did a Dutch
braid I'm at the bottom strand I added
hair a little further up away from the
hairline just to give it a kind of boho
look and I didn't Dutch braid the whole
way down my head I just did a couple of
stitches and then I just continued
braiding as normal I'm pancake the braid
as I went and I then joined the two
braids together in a side pony now you
want to pull all the hair round and the
side pony and we're gonna divide this in
half I'm gonna twist both sections
towards each other then with your
pointer and your thumb finger you want
to just place them in the middle of the
two braids and pull them apart so you
have two sections again so again you
want twist the two sections towards each
other and using your pointer finger on
your tongue you wanna place them through
the middle of the two twists and pull
them apart so again twist two fingers
through the middle and pull
so once more twist place your fingers to
the middle and pull the braids apart you
just want to do this until you run out
of hair then when you reach the bottom
you want to just hold the braids
together and I just gently tugged on
mine just to give it a more springy
shale
tie it off and add some flowers if you
like and there we have a spring ish
Rapunzel braid so if you liked this
tutorial as always don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and leave a comment below
and I'll see you next time bye guys